h1. Yet Another Qsar Project

Copyright 2009 - Yet Antother Qsar Project
http://opentox.ntua.gr:3000

This Project is under development!

This is the version 1.3.3 (pre-alpha) of the web service yaqp 
(yet another qsar project) and brings the following features:

* 100% Restful Architecture of services.
* Services based on the RDF format for data exchange between different servers
  which is a W3C recommendation.
* All RDF documents are compliant with OWL-DL ( http://www.mygrid.org.uk/OWL/Validator )

We put effort so that our services be compliant with the OpenTox specifications 
according to the API 1.1.


h2. Summary

|Project Name|YAQP (under OpenTox)|
|Programming Lang.|Java|
|Project Type|Restful WebServices
|Developed by|Sopasakis Pantelis, Kolotouros Dimitris|
|Home Page|https://opentox.ntua.gr|
|Documentation|https://opentox.ntua.gr/index.php?p=guide|
| |http://opentox.org/dev/testing/testtoxservices|
|Licence|GNU General Public Licence, version 3.0|
|Services Running at|http://opentox.ntua.gr:3000|


This project (YAQP) is developed under OpenTox (http://opentox.org) 
to serve as a web service for QSAR model training and validation. 
The service runs at http://opentox.ntua.gr:3000 as a standalone application, 
but you can also download and compile the source code and run it locally. 


Enjoy YAQP !


h2. Online Web Services

A server has been set up that supports the services at http://opentox.ntua.gr:3000/
You can use the well known program cURL to consume these services. If cURL is not 
installed on your system, install it typing:

<pre><code>
$ sudo apt-get install curl
</code></pre>

Find a complete guide for usign curl at https://opentox.ntua.gr/index.php?p=guide. Feel free
to contact us via email at chvng[at]mail[dot]ntua[dot]gr. 

A clone of this repository is also available at https://opentox.ntua.gr/git/yaqp.git. 
Download the latest version of the source code 



h2. Compilation

You can download and compile the source code on your local machine. The libraries 
you need are listed below:

* Restlet v. 2.0 milestone 3 - Download it from http://www.restlet.org/downloads/2.0/
  Restlet is licensed under GNU LGPL 3.0, GNU LGPL 2.1, CDDL 1.0 and EPL 1.0
* Weka v. 3.6.0 - Download it from http://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/
  Weka is licenses under GNU GPL 3.0
* Jena - Download it from http://jena.sourceforge.net/downloads.html
  Detailed information about its license can be found online at
  http://jena.sourceforge.net/license.html
* libSVM - Download the java library from http://www.csie.ntu.edu.tw/~cjlin/libsvm/
  libSVM is licensed with the "libSVM license" ("the modified BSD license").




Copyright 2009 - YAQP ( part of OpenTox - http://www.opentox.org )
This project is licensed under the GNU General Public Licence v.3 

